Walkthroughs implementation (#1698)
Microsoft/vscode-react-native: resources/walkthougths/setup-env-expo.md

# Expo applications
Prepare your environment by following the [Expo CLI Quickstart instruction](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup).
For correct work with Expo this extension **`requires Android SDK`**.
So also pay attention to the `React Native CLI Quickstart` tab, where you can find the Android SDK installation guide:

> - Install the [Expo app](https://getexponent.com/) on the target device or emulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the [Expo app](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/#2-expo-go-app-for-ios-and) on the target device or emulator
```

# Expo applications
Prepare your environment by following the [Expo CLI Quickstart instruction](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup).
Also pay attention to the `React Native CLI Quickstart` tab, where you can find other requirements. Also you need to:

> - Install the [Expo app](https://getexponent.com/) on the target device or emulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the [Expo app](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/#2-expo-go-app-for-ios-and) on the target device or emulator
```
